BUILD-345: Added csi shared resource metrics to telemetry (#1477)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/data-collection.md

    #
    # The current amount of CPU used by Application Services products, aggregated by product name.
    - '{__name__="appsvcs:cores_by_product:sum"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/team-build-api)
    #

>     # openshift:openshift_csi_share_configmap_total:sum measures total amount of config maps shared by csi shared resource driver.

Reviewer: this doesn't match the metric name

Author: i think i forgot to rebuild the docs. thanks!

>     - '{__name__="openshift_csi_share_configmap_total"}'

Reviewer: this looks like a [gauge](https://github.com/openshift/csi-driver-shared-resource-operator/blob/1d69d219558fef95a108915fe5f04d3b0bd20b41/pkg/metrics/metrics.go#L119-L123) so it shouldn't have the `_total` suffix (reserved for counters). `openshift_csi_shared_configmaps` would be a better name.

Author: we actuall use `total` suffix for a bunch of other gauges. should i go back to the operator and change this metric name everywhere?

Reviewer: Ideally i'd recommend that you update all metrics and make them consistent with the instrumentation guidelines. Now I understand that it may not be possible for the project.

    #
    # owners: (@openshift/team-build-api)
    #

>     # openshift:openshift_csi_share_configmap_total:sum measures total amount of secrets shared by csi shared resource driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # openshift_csi_share_secret_total measures total amount of secrets shared by csi shared resource driver.
```

>     - '{__name__="openshift_csi_share_secret_total"}'

Reviewer: ditto

    #
    # owners: (@openshift/team-build-api)
    #
    # openshift:openshift_csi_share_mount_total:sum measures total amount of csi shared resources mounted in the pods.

>     - '{__name__="openshift_csi_share_mount_total"}'

Reviewer: about this [metric](https://github.com/openshift/csi-driver-shared-resource/blob/32fffa0df52e9be11b8f8646fadbc4f48a11c08b/pkg/metrics/metrics.go#L24-L30), it's usually better to track requests and failures in different counters (see https://promcon.io/2017-munich/slides/best-practices-and-beastly-pitfalls.pdf, page 10). For instance, `openshift_csi_share_mount_requests_total` and `openshift_csi_share_mount_failures_total`.

Author: I don't see this recommendation to use different metrics instead of different labels in the slides. Slides do suggest that it's better to use `failure_total` and `requests_total` instead of `failure_total` and `success_total` though. Do you think we should go all the way back to already merged metrics and change them again?
@gabemontero  wdyt?

Reviewer: Again i would recommend that you follow the recommendations. The idea of tracking requests and failures is that you can later alert on the percentage of operations failing.

Reviewer 3: This was discussed on the [PR introducing this](https://github.com/openshift/csi-driver-shared-resource/pull/54/files#r735575449) and I recommended the label way of solving this.

Calculating error rates should still be quite convenient with this setup `rate(openshift_csi_share_mount_failures_total{succeeded="false"}[5m]) / rate(openshift_csi_share_mount_failures_total[5m])`, though admittedly not as short as following the best practice.

@alicerum Since I approved the current state, I'd be happy to propose the change in the exporter.

Author: @jan--f After discussion with colleagues we decided it's better to go along with best practices, so i'm going to split them into `total` and `failed` series without labels. Thank you!

Reviewer 3: See https://github.com/openshift/csi-driver-shared-resource/pull/78 if you prefer to go with @simonpasquier's recommendation.
